# Agency Web Basics
_Last updated 12/12/18_

This document covers most of the things you need to work on email and web assets in the Agency. If anything is confusing, or missing, please let us know. :) Thanks!

## File servers
In the Agency we primarily use 3 file servers. The __pages__, __preview__ and __push__ servers. In most cases, final web asset should be copied to all three.

### Pages drive
`//qlnnas/pages/`

The pages drive houses the majority of files generated by the Agency. For our purposes we are only interested in the `WebTeam` folder which houses all of the web and email assets.

#### CAMPAIGN_RESOURCES
`//qlnnas/pages/WebTeam/CAMPAIGN_RESOURCES`

The `CAMPAIGN_RESOURCES` folder has all of the creative files for campaigns. It is organized by year and then by campaign. Beyond that there is no established structure. The campaign can house assets, concepts and working files. When creative is high-profile, encompasses more than just a single channel, or a time-span over a month it is stored in the `CAMPAIGN_RESOURCES` folder.

#### Personal_Projects
`//qlnnas/pages/WebTeam/Personal_Projects`

The `Personal_Projects` folder has folders for each member of the Agency. It serves as a personal workspace. It can be used to house files that don't have any other home or as a place to transfer files between Agency members. It's pretty much whatever you want it to be. Keep in mind that storage space isn't infinite, and `Personal_Projects` files are not part of our periodic archiving process. Please avoid storing large or duplicate creative files unnecessarily.

#### Quill
`//qlnnas/pages/WebTeam/Quill`

The `Quill` folder has the `Email` and `WebAd` folders. These are where the working files and final assets for email and web are stored. This folder is a remnant from a time when there were other brands. They have since been absorbed into Quill.

##### Email
`//qlnnas/pages/WebTeam/Quill/Email`

The `Email` folder has all of the working files for emails.

##### WebAd
`//qlnnas/pages/WebTeam/Quill/WebAd`

The `WebAd` folder has all of the working files for web assets (i.e. web ads, graphics and landing pages).

For more information on how the `WebAd` folder file hierarchy, see the [Folder Structure](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/blob/master/documentation/folder-structure.md) documentation.

#### Resources
`//qlnnas/pages/WebTeam/Resources`

The `Resources` folder houses files that are used to build email and web assets. There are documents, fonts, images, scripts, styles, templates, and more. Most of the scripts and styles are moving to our [GitHub](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files) page, but there are still many useful files in the `Resources` folder.

#### File archiving/restoring
We have a limited amount of server space so we need to periodically archive our files.

For more information on the file archiving/restoring process, see the [Archiving and restoring files](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/blob/master/documentation/file-archiving-restoring.md) documentation.

### Preview server
`//qlnprteamsite1/QuillContent_Preview/Content/`

The preview server is a copy of the live site that is only accessible internally. We use it to proof and debug web pages and graphics.

To render the most accurate appearance for proofing, all of the files, except those in the `content` folder, are updated with data from production nightly. The contents of the `content` folder are maintained solely by the Agency.

To preview your assets, copy your files from the pages drive to the preview server. Use the path they will have in production. The assets will be available via web browser at http://qpreview.quillcorp.com/content/ + the unique path to the files (e.g. http://qpreview.quillcorp.com/content/index/resource-center/healthcare/exam-surgical-gloves/default.cshtml or http://qpreview.quillcorp.com/content/iw/adv/2018/12/015/default.cshtml).

Files that will be visible to search engines are placed in the `index` folder, those that don't need to be indexed are placed in the `iw` folder.

__Files should not be worked on from the preview server. All work should be done on the pages drive.__

__The files on the preview server should not be used as pickups, or to make edits. They may not be the final versions. All work should be done using files found on the pages drive.__

### Push server
`//contentsrvr/imagepush/new_content/PROD_WEB_QUILL`

The push server is how we get our files posted to the live site. 

`00_IMMEDIATE`
`10_Monday`, `20_Tuesday`, `30_Wednesday`, `40_Thursday`, `50_Friday`, `60_Saturday`, `70_Sunday`

## Processes

### Email

### Web

## Terminology
For Quill and Agency acronyms and terminology please see the [Agency Terms](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/blob/master/documentation/agency-terms.md) document.

## Web Apps
### ADCore
### CMS
### Lago
### GMP
### ServiceNow