documentation/README.md, before:

# Agency Documentation
_Last updated 6/25/19_

Below are short descriptions of each of the documents in the Agency documentation repository. These documents are written using [Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/) which is a text-to-HTML conversion tool for web writers.

## Agency Basics _-WORKING DRAFT-_
This document is an introduction to Agency systems and processes relating to web asset production. It covers topics like file servers, processes and web applications. 

[agency-basics.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/tree/master/documentation/agency-basics.md)

## Agency Terms _-WORKING DRAFT-_
Acronyms, abbreviations and jargon are a normal part of Quill/Agency communications. This is a glossary of some of the more useful terms. 

[agency-terms.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/tree/master/documentation/agency-terms.md)

## File Archiving/Restoring 
We have a limited amount of server space for our files so we need to periodically archive them. This document explains how we do that and more importantly, it explains how to get files restored back to the pages drive.

[file-archiving-restoring.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/tree/master/documentation/file-archiving-restoring.md)

## Folder Structure 
If you are confused about where to find a file you are in luck. The working files for web assets are stored following the structure outlined in this document.

[folder-structure.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/tree/master/documentation/folder-structure.md)

## Push Process _-WORKING DRAFT-_
The push process is how we get our web assets published to the live site. This document outlines the processes and tools we use to work with it.

[push-process.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/tree/master/documentation/push-process.md)

## Requesting SDS Help 
This walk-through explains how to get help from the SDS department in both emergency and non-emergency situations.

[requesting-sds-help.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/tree/master/documentation/requesting-sds-help.md)

## Email
The documentation in the Email folder covers the processes, conventions and tools related to the production of email assets.

## Web
The documentation in the Web folder covers the processes, conventions and tools related to the production of email assets.

### ADCore Web Basics _-WORKING DRAFT-_
The ADCore system is crucial to Quill.com. It is a big part of the content management system that renders content on the site. This document walks through all of ADCore's components, tools and services that the Agency uses to make web assets available to the live site.

[adcore-web-basics.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/tree/master/documentation/web/adcore-web-basics.md)

### ADCore Responsive Web Mods 
The web ad modules described in this document have been designed to work within a responsive grid. They are more versatile than traditional offer codes, which makes them a little more complex. This document walks through the functionality of each.

[adcore-responsive-web-mods.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/tree/master/documentation/web/adcore-responsive-web-mods.md)

### CSS Classes Glossary 
This glossary is a list of CSS classes available in the `agency5.css` style sheet and their usage.

[css-classes-glossary.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/tree/master/documentation/web/css-classes-glossary.md)

### Page ID _-WORKING DRAFT-_
Page IDs are needed for any new ADCore/CMS-driven landing page. This document walks through the steps necessary to request one.

[page-id.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/tree/master/documentation/page-id.md)

### Responsive Grid 
A responsive grid is the backbone of websites that can, with a single set of code, render well on all devices and sizes. This document covers the theory and tools needed to build a responsive grid, as well as the specifics of the Agency implementation.

[responsive-grid.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/blob/master/documentation/web/responsive-grid.md)

### Responsive Image Sizes 
In order to build images that work within the responsive grid, they need to be built to specific widths. This document lists all of the images and defines the widths at which they need to be built.

[responsive-img-sizes.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/blob/master/documentation/web/web-ad-img-sizes.md)

### SDS Scripts _-WORKING DRAFT-_
There are SDS-supported scripts that we have access to. This document compiles them, and explains what they do and how to use them.

[sds-scripts.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/blob/master/documentation/web/sds-scripts.md)

Commit message:

update disclaimers, readme & dynamic paper mods docs, brand color css

documentation/README.md, after:

# Agency Documentation
_Last updated 6/25/19_

Below are short descriptions of each of the documents in the Agency documentation repository. These documents are written using [Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/) which is a text-to-HTML conversion tool for web writers.

## Agency Basics _-WORKING DRAFT-_
This document is an introduction to Agency systems and processes relating to web asset production. It covers topics like file servers, processes and web applications. 

[agency-basics.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/tree/master/documentation/agency-basics.md)

## Agency Terms _-WORKING DRAFT-_
Acronyms, abbreviations and jargon are a normal part of Quill/Agency communications. This is a glossary of some of the more useful terms. 

[agency-terms.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/tree/master/documentation/agency-terms.md)

## File Archiving/Restoring 
We have a limited amount of server space for our files so we need to periodically archive them. This document explains how we do that and more importantly, it explains how to get files restored back to the pages drive.

[file-archiving-restoring.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/tree/master/documentation/file-archiving-restoring.md)

## Folder Structure 
If you are confused about where to find a file you are in luck. The working files for web assets are stored following the structure outlined in this document.

[folder-structure.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/tree/master/documentation/folder-structure.md)

## Push Process _-WORKING DRAFT-_
The push process is how we get our web assets published to the live site. This document outlines the processes and tools we use to work with it.

[push-process.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/tree/master/documentation/push-process.md)

## Requesting SDS Help 
This walk-through explains how to get help from the SDS department in both emergency and non-emergency situations.

[requesting-sds-help.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/tree/master/documentation/requesting-sds-help.md)

## Email
The documentation in the Email folder covers the processes, conventions and tools related to the production of email assets.

## Web
The documentation in the Web folder covers the processes, conventions and tools related to the production of email assets.

### ADCore Web Basics _-WORKING DRAFT-_
The ADCore system is crucial to Quill.com. It is a big part of the content management system that renders content on the site. This document walks through all of ADCore's components, tools and services that the Agency uses to make web assets available to the live site.

[adcore-web-basics.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/tree/master/documentation/web/adcore-web-basics.md)

### ADCore Responsive Web Mods 
The web ad modules described in this document have been designed to work within a responsive grid. They are more versatile than traditional offer codes, which makes them a little more complex. This document walks through the functionality of each.

[adcore-responsive-web-mods.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/tree/master/documentation/web/adcore-responsive-web-mods.md)

### CSS Classes Glossary 
This glossary is a list of CSS classes available in the `agency5.css` style sheet and their usage.

[css-classes-glossary.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/tree/master/documentation/web/css-classes-glossary.md)

### Dynamic Paper Module HTML _-WORKING DRAFT-_
How to buid or update the dynamic paper module.

[dynamic-paper-mod.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/blob/master/documentation/web/dynamic-paper-mod.md)

### Page ID _-WORKING DRAFT-_
Page IDs are needed for any new ADCore/CMS-driven landing page. This document walks through the steps necessary to request one.

[page-id.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/tree/master/documentation/page-id.md)

### Responsive Grid 
A responsive grid is the backbone of websites that can, with a single set of code, render well on all devices and sizes. This document covers the theory and tools needed to build a responsive grid, as well as the specifics of the Agency implementation.

[responsive-grid.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/blob/master/documentation/web/responsive-grid.md)

### Responsive Image Sizes 
In order to build images that work within the responsive grid, they need to be built to specific widths. This document lists all of the images and defines the widths at which they need to be built.

[responsive-img-sizes.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/blob/master/documentation/web/web-ad-img-sizes.md)

### SDS Scripts _-WORKING DRAFT-_
There are SDS-supported scripts that we have access to. This document compiles them, and explains what they do and how to use them.

[sds-scripts.md](https://github.com/agency-quill/agency-project-files/blob/master/documentation/web/sds-scripts.md)
